["The health minister will announce new regulations on Friday 9.10.2020", "Health minister's plan is to close theaters and secure the hotels for those infected, more on Firday", "The suspension of theaters, cinemas and secondary schools is to be a 'fundamental measure' to be presented by Health Minister Roman Prymula on Friday.", "Minister of Health Roman Prummula assumes that enough vaccines will gradually rid the Czech Republic of the threat of coronavirus infection, which could happen in the middle of next year at the latest.", "According to the daily, the ministers of education and health care have rightly agreed that middle school will not be closed, but older pupils will go to school on a shift basis", "Health Minister Roman Prymula presented a plan to test all citizens for coronavirus.", "The Ministry of Health will let the sports competitions finish until Monday, and from Monday it will cancel all professional and amateur sports activities taking place indoors", "Restaurants, pubs and bars will only be open until 8 pm from Friday and only four people will be able to sit at the table", "the government limited access to shops and establishments to groups of a maximum of two people.", "The Czech Republic is one of the worst in the development of the covid-19 disease", "Prime Minister Andrej Babiš hastily convened a press conference on Friday afternoon, at which he called for compliance with the measures, which were announced on Thursday for the next 14 days. He said that either people will comply with the measures or he cannot rule out a lockdown!", "A possible lockdown would mean a restriction of the movement of persons within all extracurricular activities. This was stated by the Minister of Health Roman Pruymula at a press conference on Friday. According to him, the government will take further measures in a week at the earliest.", "Prague, the Central Bohemian South Moravian, Zlín and Hradec Králové regions are the most affected", "due to the spread of the covid-19 epidemic, government to limit sporting, cultural and social events, the activities of public authorities and schools", "Immunologist: strict measures should have come sooner, now the Italian scenario is threatening", "According to Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior Jan Hamáček, the question is whether the measures are enough or the time has come for a radical reduction along the lines of Israel.", "The increase in the number of infected is enormous. the reproduction number increased to 1.4, which indicates the need to tighten measures, the Minister of Health Roman Prummula told Czech television on Saturday", "Prime Minister Andrej Babis called on Saturday's extraordinary press conference for people to comply with measures against the spread of coronavirus.", "In the Czech Republic, 2604 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection were added by Saturday evening. compared to the previous day it is an extreme drop. on Friday, 4525 confirmed cases were reported at the same time.", "the government does not plan such extensive economic restrictions on the spread of the covid as in the spring. shops, restaurants and other services should remain open despite further tightening measures.", "High schools most likely to remain closed for 2 more weeks or more (11.oct.2020) and middleschool to function on shift basis.", "Although health minister Roman Prymula unveiled an ambitious plan on thursday to test the majority of the population for covid-19, most practitioners reject his idea as unfeasible. To test such a large number of people, we do not have the capacity.", "New measures will apply from Wednesday, the government will decide on them on monday", "From Monday, October 12, new measures will come into force in the Czech Republic, which, according to the government, are supposed to inhibit the spread of coronavirus. regulations will be valid for 14 days. monuments, theaters and cinemas will be closed, restrictions apply to concerts, exhibitions and sports. High school will be closed nation-wide and middle school on a shift basis", "The new measures, which the government is going to announce on Wednesday, should overlap the existing ones and last three weeks. however, according to Prime Minister Andrej Babiš (ANO), this topic is still being debated. In an interview with the daily Právo, the Prime Minister stated that, if possible, entire economic sectors would not be widely closed", "On Sunday, the Czech Republic added 3104 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection, said the Ministry of Health. it's 1500 less than on Saturday. A total of 117,110 people became infected in the Czech Republic, of whom 987 died", "the government plans to close all schools from Wednesday", "the world health organization (who) has warned that blanket closures of entire regions and countries will not stop the spread of coronavirus. it only delays the spread of the infection, and in addition further impoverishes the poorest sections of the population.", "Minister of Health Roman Prummula (for ANO) will appear on national television on Monday evening at 20:05 with a speech to citizens. the speech will concern the current development of the covid-19 epidemic, which is serious in the Czech Republic according to the latest data.", "Restaurants, bars and clubs will have to close from Wednesday until November 3. at the same time, as part of the tightening of anti-epidemic measures due to the bad situation, the government banned alcohol consumption in public", "Across the republic, schools of all levels will be closed and children will switch to distance learning.", "the government approved further measures against the spread of coronavirus on Monday. all schools except kindergartens will be closed. restaurants will also close completely. the consumption of alcohol in public is also prohibited. people will be able to move in groups of a maximum of six people.", "in the Czech Republic, according to official data from the Ministry of Health, 4,310 people infected with coronavirus increased on Monday. but significantly less was tested. the number of active cases exceeded the number of people who recovered from covid-19.", "The most people with a confirmed coronavirus infection have increased in the last week in large cities. in the metropolis they recorded an increase of 4656 infected, in Brno 1105 and in Ostrava 803. However, the situation is more dramatic in other regions.", "One of the measures that the government is introducing in the fight against the coronavirus epidemic is a ban on alcohol consumption in public. this, together with the closure of all catering establishments, such as restaurants, pubs, bars or cafés, should mean that consumers move to their homes.", "during Tuesday, the infection was confirmed in another 3906 people", "Minister of Health Roman Prummula (for yes) will deliver a speech to citizens on television screens on Tuesday evening, which will cover the current coronavirus situation and the measures taken. originally he was supposed to speak from the screens on Monday night", "In his speech on Tuesday, the Minister of Health, Roman Prummula (for yes), called on the Czechs to help him cope with the coronavirus epidemic, which is not developing favorably in the Czech Republic. through television screens, he asked people to believe and abide by government measures", "'Bad days will come, help me', said the health minister when speaking on TV.", "on Wednesday, the government approves compensation to the affected industry for restrictive measures in connection with the coronavirus crisis. For entrepreneurs affected by government measures, the Ministry of Finance will postpone all VAT, income tax and road tax payments until the end of the year.", "The Prague hospital in Bulovka will present at a press conference on Thursday the existing inpatient and staffing capacities available to it for the coronavirus epidemic, which is gaining strength in recent weeks and the number of infected and sick people requiring hospitalization is growing exponentially.", "Germany has promised to take over some patients with covid-19 to its own medical facilities in the border areas in the event of congestion in Czech hospitals.", "dissatisfaction among the government's management of the coronavirus crisis has grown among the people. A recent survey by Behavio showed that almost seventy percent of Czechs either believe that the cabinet is unable to cope with the situation at all or have strong reservations about its progress.", "in the Czech Republic, there were 9544 proven coronavirus infections during Wednesday, which is the highest number so far. more than 77,000 are currently infected", "dissatisfaction among the government's management of the coronavirus crisis has grown among the people. A recent survey by Behavio showed that almost seventy percent of Czechs either believe that the cabinet is unable to cope with the situation at all or have strong reservations about its progress.", "The Czech Republic is approaching the tens of thousands per day in the number of newly infected. a record 9721 covid-19 disease has been added so far on Thursday. Almost three thousand people are hospitalized.", "According to the Minister of Health, Roman Rubber, (ANO) the government is not going to tighten measures in the coming days, but instead wants to wait and evaluate the impact of the current ones.", "Football ultras from all over Slovakia gathered in Bratislava on Saturday to express their outrage over government measures against the spread of coronavirus. bottles and charges flew through the air, and the police used a water cannon and tear gas against them. a similar protest awaits on Sunday and in Prague.", "Fans of sports clubs, especially football and hockey fans, came to Prague's Old Town Square to protest on Sunday against government measures over the coronavirus pandemic. at the entrance to the Old Town Square, heavily-clothed people check in. so far there are several hundred people on the site", "In connection with the coronavirus epidemic, the Ministry of Health began publishing data on the system's capacities and on the staffing of patient care. the issue of hospital bed occupancy has become topical in connection with the rapidly growing number of confirmed cases of coronavirus infection.", "The government's draft amendment to the crisis law, which is being prepared by the Ministry of the Interior, may fundamentally change the possibilities of natural and legal persons to demand compensation for damages related to state crisis measures. The ministry states in the justification that it is a linguistic clarification", "The chairman of the CSSD, Jan Hamáček, sees no reason for the Minister of Labor and Social Affairs, Jana Maláčová (CSSD), to apologize for her statement 'This is a moron' aimed at the address of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš (yes)", "In the Czech Republic, 130 people infected with coronavirus died over the weekend, the Ministry of Health said on Monday evening. a total of 1501 infected people have died in the country. during Monday evening, the number of confirmed cases increased by another 4086, on Sunday there were 5059 cases of infection", "Face masks will have to be worn outside in municipalities from Wednesday if people are closer than two meters apart, and in a car, said Health Minister Roman Prymula. families or people have an exception when playing sports.", "the Ministry of Health published data on daily cases of covid-19 infected in individual municipalities. from this it is possible to read where the coronavirus dominates every day. for example, in the village of liblín in the Rokycany region, where 272 inhabitants live, 80 more are infected in a single day.", "The head of the anti-epidemic department of the Regional Hygiene Station in Pilsen, Petr Pazdiora, is leaving office. He applied for termination of service on November 30, confirmed the director of khs Přemysl tomašuk.", "most people became infected with coronavirus at work and at home. on the contrary, mass and social events contribute very little to the overall outbreak, as do sports events and high schools and universities. the government bans and closes them.", "10/21/2020 - The government has decided to close retail stores and services from 6:00 on Thursday. The Minister of Health Roman Prymula (for YES) announced this on Twitter after the government meeting.", "During Tuesday, there were 11,984 confirmed cases of coronavirus infection in the Czech Republic, which is the highest increase since the beginning of the epidemic", "Minister of Health Roman Prummula (for yes) visited a restaurant in Prague's Vyšehrad on Thursday night, which was to be closed as part of his own measures against the spread of coronavirus. ", "Minister of Health Roman Prummula (for yes) allegedly had no idea that the meeting with the head of the deputies, Jaroslav Faltýnek, was taking place in a closed restaurant. If the public wishes, I will resign, said prymula.", "Government extends Antivirus B programme for aiding employers through to the end of the year, also announces further crisis measures", "27-10-2020;06:12 - The Czech Republic recorded the highest Monday increase in coronavirus infections since the onset of the pandemic.", "27-10-2020;06:14 - Prime Minister Andrej Babiš (yes) has no choice but to insist on the dismissal of the Minister of Health, Roman Prummula (for yes), the political scientists addressed agree, according to the news. According to some, the course of the coronavirus pandemic in the Czech Republic also supports the trend of declining credibility of the country", "29-10-2020;09:14 - Government to propose to Chamber of Deputies extension of state of emergency until 3 December", "A 9pm curfue applies to everyone except for dog owners(500m away from their home), and those with medical needs", "Slovak epidemiologist: The situation is serious, we do not want to end up like Czechs", "31-10-2020;11:12 - The government has extended all restrictions until at least November 20", "8-11-2020 - Announce work leave in November? A sensible idea, says Hamáček on the union proposal", "8-11-2020; 2145 infected on Sunday evening. A proposition of an extended weekend has arisen"]
